c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Service.dll.config
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Service.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Service.pdb
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Common.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Entities.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Infra.Repository.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Common.pdb
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Entities.pdb
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Projeto.Infra.Repository.pdb
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.xml
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\obj\Debug\Projeto.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\obj\Debug\Projeto.Service.dll
c:\users\fcsantos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleFuncionario\Projeto.Service\obj\Debug\Projeto.Service.pdb
